[13.0][ADD] partner_iterative_archive (#949)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_iterative_archive/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module automatically archives contacts when their parent is archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module automatically archives child contact when their parent is archived.
```
